Attention, everyone!
Attention!
Reporting to the brigade commander,
the regimental direct unit has assembled.
Please give your instructions.
I am Zhang Yunkui.
I make a pact with you all.
In the face of the enemy,
whatever happened in the past,
let bygones be bygones.
But from today on,
I will go to the battlefield with you all
to repay our country.
We live and die together.
Never retreat.
Do you agree?
Yes!
Commander Liu.
Here.
How should deserters be dealt with?
During wartime, to enforce military discipline,
captured deserters
can be executed on the spot.
Do you have anything to say?
The leading officer, step forward.
Here.
Execute them.
Yes, sir.
I'm innocent!
I'm not a soldier!
I was forced to come here!
Wait.
Shut up!
I was forced!
Stop him.
What's going on? Make it clear.
I'm just a cook at Zhengxing Restaurant.
I was walking on the street,
and they grabbed me.
Who grabbed you?
I dare not say.
Adjutant Zhao.
Here.
Don't move.
Speak.
Who grabbed you?
It's him.
He forced me to lie
and say I volunteered.
If I spilled the beans,
he said he'd kill me.
It's him.
Who else?
And...
Come here.
Him.
He hit me with the butt of his gun.
And...
Him.
He kicked me.
Let go.
And...
And him.
Come out.
He's just like him.
Said he'd kill me.
Officer!
Your Honor!
Please help me!
Help me!
Commander Liu.
Here.
How many men like this
have you forcibly drafted in total?
Taking phantom payrolls,
afraid of being investigated,
so you kidnap men to make up the numbers.
What time is it now?
Tell me the truth, Commander Liu.
Reporting to the Brigadier.
We haven't been able to replenish our recruits.
This was our only option.
There are probably about
two hundred of them in the whole regiment.
Their names have already been registered and reported.
You really have the nerve.
Yes.
We're already understaffed,
and facing a formidable enemy.
If we let them go now,
we really won't be able to fight this battle.
Actually,
the higher-ups
also turn a blind eye
to this.
Try your best to persuade them.
Keep those who are willing to stay.
For those who really don't want to,
don't assign them to combat units.
Compile a list and give it to me.
I will report it
and try to get them all released.
Yes.
Your Honor!
I beg you, please let me go!
I...
Your Honor, look,
I was supposed to get married.
I made a brand new gown,
just for the wedding.
But then they grabbed me.
Your Honor, I beg you, let me go!
Let me go!
I just promised
to let bygones be bygones.
I can overlook
the fact that you kidnapped men.
But there is one thing
I must hold you accountable for.
You killed him
because he was a deserter and deserved to die.
But Company Commander Yu.
Here.
I just said wait.
Why did you still insist on firing?
What did you mean by that?
What are you doing?
What?
Arrest him.
Move.
Let go!
Company Commander Yu.
Not only did you violate military regulations,
but you also tried to silence him.
You belittle the lives of others,
insulting the identity of a soldier.
According to military law,
how should you be dealt with?
Is his life not a life?
It's not worth trading your life for his.
What do you mean?
Are you going to shoot me?
Yu Yuansheng, shut up.
Brigadier.
The Brigadier is using me to establish his authority.
Fine.
In this matter,
I, Old Yu, was out of line.
If the new commander
can lead the brothers to victory,
I, Old Yu,
will serve as a sacrifice to the flag of the 87th Brigade.
I have nothing to say.
Let's go.
Move.
Bring a message to my mother.
Tell her,
Kneel.
that I died in battle.
Wait.
Brigadier,
this kid Yu is a good fighter.
With a formidable enemy ahead,
if we kill him now,
it would be a great pity.
Brigadier.
Yu Yuansheng,
do you have anything else to say?
Report, Brigadier.
I want to die on the battlefield.
Soldiers,
the Japanese have already reached
our doorstep.
I don't care how you got here today,
I, Yunkui, implore you
to fight the enemy with me.
According to military regulations,
Yu Yuansheng should be executed on the spot.
But a great battle is imminent.
Do you think he deserves to die?
Yes.
Does he?
He does.
Where should he die?
On the battlefield!
Where?
The battlefield!
Yu Yuansheng!
Here!
Let me tell you,
I didn't spare your life today.
It's because your brothers pleaded for you
that I spared you.
Remember that.
I will.
Return to your unit.
The impact points are scattered.
Large-caliber naval guns.
This proves that the Japanese
are about to land.
Luodian must be in a state of emergency.
Soon,
you will receive orders to move out.
Everyone,
prepare for battle.
Report!
Report, Brigadier.
An urgent telegram from division headquarters.
The Japanese have landed in the direction of Wusong.
Our brigade is ordered to move out immediately
to reinforce Luodian.
Company Commander of the Infantry Artillery!
Here!
How much ammunition is left?
Since the troops just arrived,
rear supplies are not fully in place yet.
Currently,
I only have two units of shells.
Take all the ammunition
and follow the vanguard battalion.
Yes, sir.
Commander Liu, Commander Feng.
Here.
Notify everyone in the unit,
check weapons and equipment,
and supplies.
In half an hour,
we assemble and head out.
Yes, sir.
My righteous lord,
my righteous lord,
my lord!
My righteous lord,
my righteous lord,
my righteous lord!
Eyes front!
Quick
march!
Run again, and I'll kill you.
Is there any law left?
The lord said I could go!
My lord!
Someone is using public office for personal revenge!
What are you crying for?
Can you cry louder than me?
You are assigned to the logistics team.
Return to your unit and move out immediately.
Why waste your breath on him?
Officer, he knows he's wrong.
Move out.
Keep up.
Keep up, everyone.
Hurry up.
Here will do.
Quick, here.
Keep up.
Careful.
Make way.
Quick.
Careful.
You can't go in.
This is a field hospital, no casual entry.
Go back.
We have a letter of recommendation.
Are you together?
Yes.
We are together.
Wait a moment.
Dr. Sun.
Some people brought a letter of recommendation.
Sun Zheng.
Luo Zuliang.
Wang Jianguang.
It's all written on there.
It's written on there.
Wang Jianguang.
Okay, follow me.
Let us in too.
Go back.
Let us in, officer.
What year are you in?
I am a third-year student.
They are second-year students.
What can you do?
We've done simple surgeries,
but our clinical experience is lacking.
Help take care of the wounded first,
then take turns observing surgeries.
Okay.
Dr. Sun,
a wounded soldier over there is not doing well.
Go through this courtyard
and find Director Wang in the operating room in the back.
Okay.
Excuse me.
We medical students can be of great use.
My shoe came off.
Sun, you're a history major.
Aren't you just making a mess here?
I can be like them,
and help move things.
Brothers!
Yunkui, well done.
In the first battle of your new post,
you seized the Bai family residence.
This greatly relieved the pressure on the neighboring troops.
You've made a great start as the new brigade commander.
I will apply to the army headquarters
to request a merit for you.
But you must hold your ground.
The Bai family residence is the junction
with the right-wing troops.
The Japanese army will definitely choose to break through here.
You must not yield
an inch of ground.
Commander.
The troops have suffered heavy losses.
Without heavy firepower support,
please assign the division's artillery to me.
Yunkui, the division's artillery has run out of ammunition.
They are out of supplies.
Now everything
depends on yourselves.
Commander.
If there are no cannons, give me a battalion.
Send me some more men,
especially veterans.
Or some artillery shells.
Yunkui.
The whole line is tight right now.
I have applied to the corps commander in person.
I asked them to transfer troops from other war zones
as reinforcements as soon as possible.
You guys
must hold on.
Go to the front.
Hurry.
This way.
Come here.
Excuse me.
Coming through.
Make way.
Walking wounded here.
Seriously wounded, follow me to the back.
Come here.
There's space here.
Careful.
Brothers of the 87th Brigade,
all stand up!
Salute!
At ease.
Everyone has worked hard
and bled.
Today we repelled the enemy's attack
11 times.
The position changed hands several times,
but we took it back eventually.
Yunkui
thanks you all.
Like I said before,
some of you
are not soldiers,
but because of the emergency,
I couldn't let you go.
The position we are standing on right now
is called Baijiazhai.
The cotton here
is incredibly white,
famous in the surrounding areas.
The cotton farmers here
used to have a good life.
But in just one morning,
the Japanese devils
used their bombs
to level this place to the ground.
Family after family,
their hard-earned,
generational legacy,
harming no one,
was destroyed by the devils.
The devils,
in Northeast China,
in Beiping and Tianjin,
I don't need to say more about their atrocities.
But now,
they want to occupy Shanghai,
occupy Shandong,
occupy Shanxi,
and occupy the whole China.
By then,
how many families
will be destroyed like this?
Today, right here,
more than 500 of our brothers died in battle.
Why did they die?
Because they knew they couldn't retreat.
Why couldn't they retreat?
Because the devils have reached our doorstep.
Wherever we retreat to,
the folks there will be harmed.
So,
we are not afraid to die.
We'll fight them
to the bitter end.
Yunkui.
I beg you all to stay
and fight the Japs with us.
Who wants to stay?
I'll stay.
The Japs won't let us live,
so we'll fight them.
Yes.
Let's fight them.
Yes, let's fight them.
Fight.
Let's fight them.
Good.
Those who want to stay
are all brave men.
I'll stay too.
Before, the Japs broke into my house,
killed my dad,
and crapped in our cooking pot.
They
don't treat
us Chinese as human beings at all.
I want to stay
and kill the Japs.
Officer.
What about
those who don't want to stay?
Those who don't want to stay
can leave.
Xiazi.
If you want to go back, go ahead.
I've long had no home anyway.
My dad was buried alive by the Japs.
My mom was burned alive by the Japs.
My sister was tied to a vat by the Japs
and raped to death.
She wasn't even fourteen.
I've wanted to kill the Japs for a long time.
Officer.
Do those who stay get guns?
We'll give you guns.
I'll stay.
Taking one down makes it worth it.
The Japs burn, kill, and loot.
After raping our people,
they are too stingy to use bullets.
They use two bamboos,
tie their legs to them,
let go,
and tear them apart alive.
Calling them worse than beasts
is an insult to beasts.
I'm going to fight them to the death.
To the death.
Yes, to the death.
Brothers.
Where are you going?
You cheap bastard.
How dare you leave?
Why can't I leave?
The whole nation is fighting the Japs.
Aren't you part of the nation?
You just said it yourself,
I'm a cheap bastard.
So I'm too cheap for the nation, okay?
If you dare say such things to shake our morale again,
I'll shoot you right now.
Shoot me then.
The officer just said,
those who want to leave can leave,
and those who want to stay can stay.
Come here
and look with me.
Stop.
Look who this is.
Look.
He just died right in front of you.
How did he die?
And what was it all for?
He was killed by a stray bullet.
He wasn't trying to save me.
What does it have to do with me?
I'll kowtow to him, okay?
I'll kowtow to him.
Captain Yu,
you are a great hero.
I kowtow to you.
Captain Yu.
Bullets don't have eyes.
You won't blame me, right?
I'll burn incense for you every year from now on.
I'm just an ordinary citizen.
You are a great hero.
You can't let us
die for you.
Platoon Leader Wang,
I'll kowtow to you too.
I kowtow to you.
Just let me go.
Let me go.
I don't know how to use a gun.
And I can't kill.
Why are you keeping me here?
Keeping me to die?
What the hell are you kneeling for?
Kong Erbao.
Why are your legs so weak?
Are you even a man?
Are you even human?
Get lost!
Stop right there!
Do you dare look at Captain Yu's face?
Make him look at it.
Look!
Do you dare?
Look closely.
You died for us,
but who do we die for?
Is China your country or not?
Is it?
Just because of you,
back in the camp,
I almost shot Captain Yu.
What did he say to me then?
'Tell my mother,
I will die on the battlefield.'
All the soldiers
were pleading here for me to let him go.
What did Captain Yu say?
'I want to die facing the enemy.'
He kept his promise today.
But what about you?
What did you do?
Let me tell you,
anyone can leave today,
but not you.
Have mercy!
I'm just a worm.
I was born a worm.
A worm's life may be worthless,
but it's still a life.
I just live by my own rules.
How am I getting in your way?
I'm telling you,
China is in this state today
because there are too many slugs like you.
Too many.
Completely useless.
Do you know that?
Let me tell you,
today I'm going to teach
a slug like you a good lesson.
Anyone can leave,
but you.
You were just there.
A gentleman's word is his bond.
Who told you I was a gentleman?
Who told you?
I'm telling you.
You're staying here today.
Watch us die.
Watch me die.
But let me tell you,
I'll probably be the last one to die.
From now on,
you are my orderly.
Don't leave my side.
Tell his mother
he was on the battlefield
facing the enemy when he died.
Yes, sir.
Let's go.
Go.
Father,
I've put your tea here.
Rest early.
That's all.
You go rest early too.
Sweet dreams.
Normally,
you wouldn't get such an advanced task.
But in these extraordinary times,
we have to make the best of what we have.
This means there's hope for treatment.
This means there is no hope,
but we can't tell the brothers the truth.
Brothers who get this
can only wait to die.
Those with severe injuries
and a weak will to live
will very likely die during the rescue
or even after.
This is a waste of supplies and manpower.
An unsuccessful rescue
will delay other
wounded who might survive.
When I first took over this position,
I wanted to save everyone.
I drew circles as much as possible.
Later,
I was harshly criticized by the director.
He said
I wasn't saving people,
but actually harming them.
It's wartime now.
We are military doctors.
We must stay rational
and know how to make choices
to save more lives.
I understand the reasoning,
but I...
You are the judge of their life and death.
It's cruel,
but this is reality.
Commander.
Luodian is flat with no mountains,
and the surface water is shallow.
We have no way
to dig proper trenches.
We can only build some basic fortifications.
But these fortifications,
under the enemy's heavy artillery,
can't play
any substantial role at all.
We can only defend it with our flesh and blood.
But if we fight the Japanese like this,
we will suffer a great loss.
My suggestion is
to take advantage of the enemy's inability to detect us at night,
use our geographical advantage,
concentrate our firepower to catch them off guard,
and launch a surprise attack on the Japanese.
What we need to do now is hold our position.
Hold the lines one by one
to buy time.
Offense as defense
can also buy us time.
If we defeat the enemy,
we'll buy time when they retreat.
Even if we don't defeat them,
we disrupt their rhythm.
Their attack speed will be hindered,
which also buys us time.
The most important thing on the battlefield is coordinated action.
You are not allowed to move without military orders,
or you will be court-martialed.
Don't worry.
I will consider your plan.
In a few days.
Division Commander.
I am just worried that the opportunity is fleeting.
In a few days,
if the dozen Japanese detachments
are fully deployed,
we will really have no chance.
Execute your orders.
Defending like this
will only increase casualties.
I think the Division Commander's point
is that he's afraid
the casualties will be too high
like the Battle of Hongkou.
I think he's just afraid of taking responsibility.
Report.
How is this different from a suicide mission?
Report, I need to go to the latrine.
Hold it.
Go ahead.
I am Sun Huaiyi.
Generalissimo, this is Sun Huaiyi.
Please give your instructions.
Yes.
Morale is very high.
I promise to complete the mission,
and hold Baijiazhai.
What do you think of Zhang Yunkui's idea?
Division Commander.
I think Zhang Yunkui makes sense.
Look.
Without heavy weapon cover,
we are completely exposed
to the enemy's
aerial bombs and heavy artillery fire.
And the terrain
is not conducive
to building defense in depth.
So each unit is on its own.
If this continues,
our troops will be exhausted sooner or later.
It is only a matter of time before
the Japanese break through our defense line.
Division Commander.
I also think Zhang Yunkui's suggestion is feasible.
If we take the initiative from the flank
and strike them,
it might disrupt their deployment.
In such a large campaign,
all the elites of our army are involved.
Moving an inch will disrupt the whole situation.
Not to mention a mere brigade commander,
even me as a division commander,
the corps commander above,
or the army group commander,
who can call the shots?
The Generalissimo personally oversees everything.
The Theater Commander
has become his messenger.
Now the emphasis is on the integration of the whole army,
following orders.
Private First Class of the 211th Regiment, 36th Division,
Liu Zhenbao.
Which unit?
216th Regiment, 36th Division,
Sergeant Squad Leader Wu Wenjie.
How could the burn be so severe?
Seeing the enemy's shells
were about to hit,
the squad leader tried to get the light machine gun off the position.
But the gun was too hot.
He hugged it and ran.
If it weren't for this light machine gun,
the position would have been lost.
Doctor, can our squad leader be saved?
Give this to the nurse over there.
Thank you, doctor. Let's go.
Let's begin.
Corporal of the 528th Regiment, 88th Division,
Ma Jisheng.
Corporal of the 583rd Regiment, 98th Division,
Nameless.
67th Division,
Yueming.
Gunsmoke filled both banks of the Yangtze River,
and blood dyed the land beneath our feet red.
The disparity in strength between the enemy and us was already great.
But the KMT's command system was corrupt and chaotic,
bypassing the chain of command in battle,
and shifting the blame afterwards.
They equated bravery with consumption.
A large number of sacrifices
could not cleanse this corrupt, deep-rooted illness.
The spiritual mire of old China
was waiting for a completely new cleansing.
Workers, peasants, soldiers, students, and merchants,
let's all come to save the nation.
Pick up our hammers, swords, and guns,
walk out of the factories, fields, and classrooms,
go to the front line,
and step onto the battlefield of national liberation.
Steps matching steps,
arms linking arms,
our team is broad and strong.
The struggle of oppressed brothers all over the world
is moving in one direction.
The voices of millions are shouting for resistance.
The songs of millions
are singing for the revolutionary struggle.
We must build a national defense for the masses.
Everyone, get up and arm yourselves,
down with traitors and lackeys,
and point your guns outward.
We must recover lost land
and down with Japanese imperialism.
Kill all the robbers of the old world.
Good.
The sorghum leaves are so green.
On September 18th, the Japanese soldiers came.
First they occupied the powder magazine,
then they occupied...
Sing.
Keep singing.
Sing the opera.
Gentlemen and lords,
don't rush.
I'll ask her what's going on.
I say, Miss Xiang,
how can you stop singing halfway through
as if you've run out of breath?
Nonsense.
Could I sit here if I ran out of breath?
I just can't muster up the energy.
Miss Xiang said
she can't muster up the energy.
Why can't you muster up the energy?
How can you speak like that?
Are you afraid the officers and soldiers won't tip you?
Impossible.
Quick,
show off a unique skill
to please the lords.
Encore.
Good. Encore.
Good, good, good.
Why did you fall?
Help him up.
What's going on?
Get up.
You are asking for a beating, aren't you?
Stop hitting him.
I'll make you powerless.
I'll kill you.
Don't run.
I was wrong.
Stop hitting him.
Don't run.
What are you doing?
Don't make trouble.
Why are you hitting people?
This is my girl.
I can do whatever I want with her.
We are all poor people.
No one is allowed to bully anyone.
Exactly.
You can't just hit people.
That's right.
Sir, we are acting.
Cut the crap.
Acting.
You can't hit a girl even if you are acting, right?
Come on, hit him.
Hit him.
Hit him. Hit him.
Stop hitting him.
They are acting.
Yes, sir.
Can't you see that?
They are acting.
Fake hitting.
You can't really hit someone even if you are acting.
It's acting.
Fake hitting.
It's fine. We are acting.
Let's go.
I didn't really hit him.
It's fake.
Sit down. Everyone, sit down.
Fake.
Okay.
Let's continue.
You bad old man.
Don't run.
Xiaoyue.
Can you help me comb my hair?
Okay.
Let me see this side.
Han Xiaoyue.
Aren't you going to comb my hair?
Xiaoyue, Xiaoyue.
Xiaoyue.
You are alive.
Alive. Alive.
I am alive.
Do you know I was going crazy looking for you?
I know. I know.
I am alive.
Are you hurt?
I'm fine.
Why are you wearing a uniform?
Kong Erbao.
I was conscripted by them.
Why would they conscript you?
Let's go find the officer.
Can you not be a soldier?
I'm telling you,
these soldiers are all thugs.
The last time I tried to escape,
they almost shot me.
What are you doing?
Platoon Leader Wang.
This... This is my fiancée.
She's from the troop-cheering squad.
We bumped into each other here.
I...
I want to have a quick word with her.
Your fiancée?
Speak.
I...
We'd like to talk here.
Speak now.